yeah this is recap reps y'all asked for
it so here it is animal seasons 1
through fat here we got BCD to show way
more hardcore Knicks ball feel looks
like Cupcake Wars couldn't get the right
to the dark night self or white bread
hog guy but he's a hot guy he go
oversized yacht capsized that he's
suicide but room but he learned some
scary maneuvers five years later back in
that cooler city of stars turned
suddenly Chuck Chuck office looks like
he already has started gotta keep it
tight CrossFit all night tennis ball
archery again a he's white heated rude
to go got his back and run the lab and
she's all that but his best friendship
has been abandoned cuz he was driving up
laurels Canyon
mama q1 to her zipper for Eminem who
gets the whole hood to quiver and Shake
till it blows he got arrows and bows why
you ask to Elodie I suppose enter slayed
an assessment the power of Deadpool mix
with Debbie Downer no discretion no
depth perception murders by the QB
second question mystery bond disrupts
the plans but his long-lost ex gotta
give her the Lance this bites late again
but don't lose focus disclaim it's a
long time stroking flashback to Waller
if the Suicide Squad get kidnapped show
off that pod that's how Steven makes it
work when all those bells
chisel-like a woman
what body brings grown men to the
today
Steve
yeah that's our boy oli sit pretty no
chicks villain in this city
once the canary croaks though he's on
felicity Smoak's show League of
Assassins our surface sitting young
Barry says hey stop murdering in time
for Warwick Ra's al Ghul that all leads
up to a shirtless tool dab in the heart
kicked off the mountain lucky some
vegetable beet juice Adam you'll be
clear back in the hood that you want
more smoke you're gonna need some wood
all that walls in the star transpire see
barrel roll deep like Arcade Fire Ra's
al Ghul Ben Berlin succeeds Ollie had
smoked on a coastal retreat but they
don't stay long sad and canary - sings a
lot of songs little ring up smoke got a
baby mama - a lot of lucky ladies get to
love this dude i'm jamie intern wow
that's literal satan not religiously
spiritual wanna see a better fight
cooler man go back that shirtless -
again
blue like the
faint cry as
buddy control that you can
my bad
[Music]
we're almost done just be cool while I
finish this up okay okay
mayor is the new label and MERS back on
the table got a brand new crew so fresh
wild like terrific screen changes
hairstyle homie feeis - the Ridley Scott
got arrows and bows because sure why not
torches all need a scary-ass office
straight into paint but at least he's
topless now he's all sad he could be an
arrow roll the turns don't nobody care
those Canaries there am i watching this
already whine who these [ __ ] eating
up Stephens screen time whatever they go
to some Island whole crew under threat
of die in recruit former enemies to save
his only son Island goes boom but am I
the only ones don't give a [ __ ]
all these alive has both of his eyes
that fill up my soul they pierced my TV
oh my god
dismissed
a lot of Steven
my heart
I won't you
I mean you're bats on say
[Music]
so called the
the hee
you Canadian brings me
one two five this is we temperance
exactly what you were looking for
designer wanted anyway be good to each
other enjoy season six and we'll see you
next time
dual dish what's up guys thanks for
watching if you like this be sure to
click that Bell icon below to stay up to
date on all the latest warp zone content
to see more recap rabs click the box to
the left or click the Box on the right
to see another dope video hi now you got
your arrow recap rap I hope you enjoyed
I'm local hang up posters Stephen Amell
in my bedroom what so now